well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
biden
and immigration one of
the biden campaign's early statements is
that they were going to solve a lot of
problems on day one i said at the time
that wasn't realistic
it was going to take a little while i
was thinking like 90 days
he has recently set out a timeline
of six months it's not entirely clear
what he's talking about one of the
things that was mentioned was getting
fair
asylum judges yeah i can see that
i don't like it but the political
realities of getting them in place
yeah i i get it the rest of it
no i don't get it i don't understand it
at all
most of this is pin stroke stuff
this is a bunch of early wins that the
biden campaign can bank
can show that they're actually living up
to their promises
of trying to build back better
the whole campaign was i'm not trump
you have to show the american people
that the concern
is that there's going to be a surge of
people
trying to come to the u.s yeah
of course there will absolutely there
will be
and yeah it's probably going to be
difficult
we are the united states we can handle
it the reason there's going to be a
surge
is because there were a whole bunch of
people who were negatively impacted
by the trump administration's rules
rules that can be
undone with a pin stroke the reason
there's going to be a surge
is because well their lives are at risk
they can't wait six months and the biden
administration shouldn't want them to
the biden administration is coming in at
a time
when there are a whole lot of people who
are politically engaged
that haven't been in the past
and they want real change deep systemic
change this is something that can be
done early on
up front very easily to show that
at least something is going to happen
there are certain topics
that the american people are going to be
intractable on
this is one of them this
real action on climate change a major
overhaul of the health care system
these things are going to be make or
break
issues for the democratic party there
are already
movements that are starting to
suggest a split in the creation of a of
an
actual left party that have some pretty
big names behind them
if the democratic party does not want a
spoiler third party
running in two years or four years
they're gonna have to act and this is
one of the topics
that is going to be at the forefront
i can understand the immigration judges
i get that
i i understand getting them in place is
going to be difficult
that that part i can swallow
don't like it but i get it
as far as a lot of the stuff regarding
treatment of people
it's a pin stroke it is a pin stroke
undoing a lot of the issues that trump
calls
is a pin stroke yes there's some
logistical stuff that has to be worked
out but you've got a really good team
and you've had them for months
this is something that needs to be
addressed immediately
people's lives are at stake
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day